2024 documentation update on GPU wording (#2508)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: docs/source/daal/cpu-vs-gpu.rst

CPU and GPU Support
===================

> GPU support in DAAL part of library has been deprecated and removed from library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GPU support in the DAAL part of library is deprecated and removed from the library.
```

> GPU support in DAAL part of library have been deprecated and removed from library.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GPU support in DAAL part of library has been deprecated and removed from library.
```

> The GPU support in the DAAL part of library is deprecated and removed from the library.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GPU support in the DAAL part of the library is deprecated and removed.
```

> Please use GPU support in oneDAL :ref:`_onedal_gpu_support`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the :ref:`GPU support in oneDAL<onedal_gpu_support>`
```
